 Project:          The three-way conversational recommendation project.
 Author:           Fan Min, minfanphd@163.com, minfan@swpu.edu.cn.
 Copyright:        The source code and all documents are open and free.
 URL:              https://github.com/FanSmale/TCR
 Organization:     Lab of machine learning, Southwest Petroleum University, 
   Chengdu 610500, China. www.fansmale.com.
 Progress:         Over 50%.
 Written time:     January 29, 2020.
 Last modify time: January 29, 2020.

This is the help document of our paper "three-way conversational recommendation".

Here are the explanation of settings.

--Data set information
The .arff file: The data filename. Please use Browse to select. While selecting
  a new file, respective settings for our experimentation will be filled. 
  You can adjust them further.
Data in compressed format: 
  No for uncompressed format, where missing value is indicated by 99. 
  Yes for compressed format, where triples are stored. 
Users: Number of users.
Items: Number of items.
Ratings: Number of ratings.

--Cost matrix
NN: The first N stands for not recommend, while the second N stands for dislike.
NP: P stands for like.
BN: B stands for boundary or promotion.
BP
PN
PP

--Bounds and thresholds
Rating lower bound: -10 for Jester, and 1 for MovieLens.
Upper bound: 10 for Jester, and 5 for MovieLens.
Recommendation length: The length of the recommendation/promotion list in each 
  conversation.
Recommendation ratio: The ratio of recommended items in the list.
Like threshold: A greater actual rating indicates like.
Maturity threshold: Popularity-based recommendation is employed for cold-start.
  When there are enough recommendation/promotion, the user is "matured" thus can be handled by prediction algorithms such as MF.

Semi-popular threshold: Semi-popular items may be promoted.
Popular threshold: Popular items may be recommended.
Semi-favorite threshold: According to the prediction, semi-favorite items may 
  be promoted.
Favorite threshold: favorite items may be recommended.

--Prediction algorithm
MF algorithm: 
  Plain MF stands for matrix factorization without regular terms.
  PQ-MF stands for PQ regular.
Pretrain rounds: The number of rounds for training the subspaces using the original data.
Incremental train rounds: The number of rounds for training each user in conversation.
Rank: The rank of subspaces.
Learning speed (alpha): A parameter controlling the learning speed of MF.
Lambda: Control the convergence in regulation.

--Data transform algorithm
Data transform: 
  No stands for no transform.
  Journal stands for the journal version.
  Conference stands for the conference version. These versions will be discussed later.

--Tracking and output
Process tracking: Track the process in the console.
Variable tracking: Track variables for detailed debugging.
Output to file: Output the results to a file in the "results" folder. Attention: 
  It is not implemented here yet!

--Repeat times: How many time the experiment repeats.
